just don't cut me loose let me see where
it all leads ok but anyways site right
so I started just not hey friend areas
where bloggers I was a few other
bloggers were older people who online
marketers in online business owners had
a block and the need to drive traffic to
so quickly realized it blocking or block
lotion not necessarily bout will now but
more about who knows and who knows what
he do so if you if you spend enough time
and put on a lot of bessmertnykh gonna
have to give me know very true that
logging is all about not 2008 so those
pieces of constant focus very good at
them to the point where they don't talk
radio there and start conversations
about what you blog about you know so
you are showing their knowledge and you
don't really have to tell you all that
much once you do that because they know
what they're doing because we all want
on-line that all you know all the
bloggers who will listen like they know
what they're talking about because
everybody else around us so that's your
objective is number one she know what
she don't open your mom I'm less
add comment section blog post or social
media discussion with flaps were in a
lot people jumping in a row 12 seat is
open just add to the discussion so
probably not the best expertise and a
focus on that so once you got people
will and mind you that's even before the
website where they even know what you
see your face you know something is
coming out of the mosque preferably and
get to know you know your business and
that's what you want and mind you this
might take awhile you know this is not
going to happen overnight there are some
strategies that I can share with you
that I have you basically made traffic
generation cafe look like it was it was
there and it was only like a month and
are not seeing all the rides that focus
on sharing losses on Twitter back one
day started one of the drivers you don't
know that I got you are quite well on at
the same time in saudi he came to my dog
when he left a comment I had no idea
that this month old I thought you were
here so in his mind even though only
hurt me about a month back then fell to
him like he knew me forever because
people talking about and my dog and I
was very exceptional the people I had
that feeling that I know what I'm
talking and trust
so that I want to share with you as far
as how I did what I did with traffic
generation Kathy what you see in the
tide is that it had reached home because
they weren't there were reeling because
they actually work back then I had no
idea that that was a good I just tried
it sounded like a good idea to try this
try up so basically there are two things
that I did first of all Twitter was very
big back then again you know but it was
all the buses all marketers were there
so so I know everybody I want to see you
there and that's why I need to be and
the first thing that I did was I did
nothing to you have to understand if you
spread like what's a major platforms
such as Twitter Facebook Google Plus
LinkedIn depending on what kind of
business you so that's five if you try
to be on a leash meaning legislating
account and in all share a couple of
links to your own continent so but not
enough of you so don't read that that's
why focus and I gave myself a goal 30
days 30 I'm going to learn everything
there is to know where you are going to
get to know people share their constant
another thing that I did is so the point
is you have to give something that they
want and it has to be something it's not
about cue just very difficult for us you
must do for some reason because you're
not gonna be read a post
and he said very very
don't ask people to follow you on
twitter
just also and there will be no not so
easy to say and to do but that's the
gist of it you know you not on Twitter
and other social media to tell people he
here are so great
got some expert that people don't want
that the one here about themselves so
what I didn't I created a message that
was sent off and that's Rep message said
something like he so glad you followed
me into traffic generation Kathy and
promote your business at this thing and
it was truly about them know I i treated
as a single or blog owners for business
owners she just their business drop
playing a key also was lost now are
dropping leaves was absolutely on that
and people came and they talked and they
were just section now since the comment
section was just getting not shoe so I
stopped away from that because that
strategy worked for a long time but I
didn't any longer
eight-hour my Twitter promotion so but
it was there for a while and we needed a
lot of traffic generated a lot of
traffic and people stayed because it was
a lot of conversation was the largest
fashion and stuck around the start of my
email list but again the number one
strategy here was it will be worth our
time that will be bought them reading
them
your blog your business was really
really I just happened to stumble upon
and after I did that I saw a lot of
wrongdoing and you know once everybody
starts fucking you it's not the same
anymore but milk it for all its worth
while so that's one thing that I learned
everything about it
30 days please after you master
automated as much as possible I remember
you human element out of your day online
but as well so you know direct messages
can automate that so does little tasks
not have to be present
have to ask her client's and and I need
a sitter you can have coffee there get
your throat a little bit so ok so
another strategy that would suggest that
work for me
wonderfully and there was one of the
reasons why foundered no don't kill my
dog and he said it looked like I told
you I hung around for a while just to
see what other people were doing so as a
hundred other blogs I noticed there was
a second group of people
walkers that and they were good currents
were you know the elected so I thought
they were
starting stages of their business or
about the same level business level that
I am you know just trying to build up
their business so I approached about and
I said how bout we know everybody some
tribes I didn't call it it was like a
common to create I created called
loggers was there was an error that but
in a very
was not there were no it was not enough
that accountability was and the point
was not just a superficial common but
started discussion feedback as well it
was somewhat of a mastermind as where
you know if the blog post isn't working
encouraged each other that well on this
post published right off the bat at
least Commons
work we need and at least shares and
created a lot of social right away so
that was a lot of very good and I and
after even after about six months we
really do need anymore because that
presence just automatically but was
still and then I think I handed it over
to another young walker so that she can
continue because I couldn't do it
anymore I had too much traffic ahead to
deal with comments where organic common
space but that works very well as it
doesn't have to be a mean don't want
direct competitors right people who are
generally in the state talk about the
same on their sides as you are because
obviously you want you know what you're
talking about when you comment on their
sites but that works a small are allowed
and you know because I don't comment if
the don't pull their hair then find
another one so